In general I found that this report is overwhelmingly positive. On page 2 it says that the Standing Committee “extensively discussed ways…to consider both recent advances in AI and potential societal impacts on jobs…” reading through I felt that most of the for the impacts on jobs, education etc. the report only extensively discusses the ways in which AI will be useful and benefit these domains. For the possible negatives or downsides to AI in that domain, there is a brief overview at the end of the section for each domain.  
This I feel frames the information in a way which doesn’t wholly represent the possible future of a society more entwined with AI. Whilst this isn’t necessarily a bad, thing, and the author has the complete freedom of speech, “The report is designed to address four intended audiences. For the general public, it aims to provide an accessible, scientifically and technologically accurate portrayal of the current state of AI and its potential.”, and whilst it does this mostly very well, the general public should also be made aware of the downsides to AI. For example, it is a fact that people will lose their jobs as a result of advances in AI, and yes, this report does mention that, however, the scale of job loss is not made apparent from this report.
I find this incredibly noticeable when examining all of the positives that the report gives, and how wide-reaching and impactful they will be, the negative flip-side to that is so barely mentioned.  
Not only this, but, especially in the “Mobile Health” section in the Healthcare domain, the report mentions that “some healthcare apps can perform data mining, learning, and prediction from captured data”, which can be used positively and to benefit society as a whole. However, the argument must be raised about the safety of all that information about at person, one application the report mentions is one that “proposes a schedule exercise but also suggest the best time to do it”. This information, if stolen can be used to cause significant harm to a person, by for example, knowing when they are out of the house doing exercise and so they get robbed; or possibly assaulted on their way back from a workout in the gym. The report should make it more clear just how much information would be stored and the damage that can be caused by a data-leak or hack. 
Finally, the report should mention more about negative health effects on society with advancements in AI, namely, physical and mental health. Whilst advancements in medicine can be catalysed through the use of AI, personal health issues such as obesity or mental health issues are not sufficiently examined. For example, with advancements in self-driving cars, how would this technology progress further into daily life, so that less and less people actually walk anywhere due to the convenience of owning a self navigating personal automotive? Similarly, in the Education domain it says “large numbers of educational apps, many of them free, are being developed for the iPad“, but with an increased use in technology and personal learning, what impact would this have on developing children’s social skills?
